docs: Update docs to reflect current gateway service type default (#447)
llm-d/llm-d: docs/getting-started-inferencing.md

<!-- TAB:External IP (LoadBalancer) -->
### External IP (LoadBalancer)
> [!REQUIREMENTS]
> This requires changing `.gateway.serviceType` to `LoadBalancer`. Currently the [default value](https://github.com/llm-d-incubation/llm-d-infra/blob/main/charts/llm-d-infra/values.yaml#L199) is `ClusterIP`.

> > This requires your K8s cluster is deployed on a cloud provider with LB integration (EKS/GKE/AKS/AWS/…) or a bare-metal cluster with MetalLB.

Author: ```suggestion
> Using a type of `LoadBalancer` requires that your K8s cluster be deployed on a cloud provider with LB integration (EKS/GKE/AKS/AWS/…) or a bare-metal cluster with MetalLB.
```
